The man who declared himself as Jesus'
biggest competitor has been praying for
weeks and he can't explain why.
>> One of my favorite Brian Johnson quotes
is, "Jesus is my biggest competitor."
>> My competitor is Jesus.
>> This is tech millionaire Brian Johnson
and millions of his followers believe
that he's right.
>> Nobody has fundamentally disrupted or
challenged or rebuilt something that
competes with the concept of Jesus for
2,000 years. It is an uninterrupted
monopoly.
>> He spent millions of dollars and made it
his life mission to build a religion
that replaces the one that Jesus
started. Weekly rituals, confession, a
community, and a mission to give
humanity eternal life.
>> No, it's not the resurrection. It's not
the afterlife. It's this life. It's
don't die.
>> And yet, he's still praying. Why? Well,
maybe it has something to do with the
fact that before he was challenging
Jesus, he was begging God to die. It all
started back in his childhood where he
grew up in a small Mormon community in
Utah. And when he said he grew up
Mormon, he meant it.
>> When you're raised Mormon, it is your
singular reality and identity of
existence. It's not like you're casually
involved.
>> It's everything you are as a human. The
benefit of this was that his world had
answers for everything from how to live
to community to death. Everything except
for his father.
>> I'd write him letters and like he you
know
um
every week I'd write him a letter tell
him how much he means to me. Um I'm
thinking about him. Yeah.
>> Did you think about his him dying at
that age? I just wanted a dad.
>> And through everything, he stayed devout
to his faith through college, through
marriage, through building a successful
startup from nothing all the way until
one day something broke.
>> But I I physically felt something happen
one day and then I just got in this funk
for 10 years and I couldn't get out of
it.
>> He lost his faith. He no longer believed
it. But leaving the Mormon church wasn't
that simple. His marriage was based on
it. His friendships were. His entire
community, the people who had been his
world since childhood was also based on
Mormonism. So the church wasn't just his
belief system. It was every relationship
he had. I I went through like 10 years
of chronic depression. Like legit one of
myself.
>> But choosing to end himself meant that
his kids would suffer the pain of an
absent father, which is a pain that he
knew all too well. Because if separation
felt unbearable for him, then he could
only imagine what permanent separation
through death would do to his kids.
>> I really would have commit committed.
I'd had it not been for my three kids.
>> So for 10 years, he stayed trapped. It
was either stay inside of a religion
that he no longer believed in in a
marriage that felt suffocating and in a
life he wanted to end or leave. Leave
and lose every relationship that had
survived the depression with him. Either
way, separation was inevitable. The only
question was which kind was he willing
to bear. One year he made the choice. He
left the church, left his marriage, sold
his company for $800 million, and walked
into a life with no community, no
framework, no shared identity, and his
depression vanished. For the first time
in 10 years, he finally felt free. But
in the silence that followed, the fear
of separation remained. He now had the
money. He had the time. But he also had
a question that wouldn't let him rest.
It was, "What if no one ever had to
experience permanent separation? What if
there was a way to eradicate death and
make people live forever?"
>> Brian Johnson, the tech entrepreneur who
sold Venmo for $800 million, has spent a
fortune on a quest to stay young
forever.
>> Don't die is the general theme of what
we're trying to do. It's humanity's only
objective. So he hired a team of
doctors, measured every organ in his
body, and built a protocol so precise
that every single calorie he consumes
has to justify its existence. He calls
it blueprint, and it cost him around $2
million a year. Its first goal is to
slow or reverse biological age and
eventually to make humans live forever.
Now, this is interesting because Johnson
has spent years and millions of dollars
trying to control every data point about
himself. And owning your data isn't
necessarily a bad thing in and of
itself. It can actually be a good thing,
which is why I'm happy to have Incogn as
a sponsor of today's video. Take a look
at this. This right here is the annual
data breach report, which tracks the
number of data breaches worldwide each
year. And right here it shows that
breaches went up by 211%
in just one year. Now, of course, that
is a lot. And this is only made possible
because right now hundreds of companies
called data brokers are collecting your
data. Whether it be your name, your home
address, your phone number, your family
members, and they're selling that
information to strangers while most
people have no idea that it's even
happening. I mean, just go see for
yourself. Take a second and Google your
full name. And if you do, then you'll
see what I mean. The reality is a lot of
people think that having a VPN is
enough. But VPNs only protect your data
on public Wi-Fi. However, incogn will
actually hunt and remove whatever
personal data has already been
compromised. They contact those brokers
on your behalf and they get your
information removed automatically and
repeatedly because this stuff continues
to come back. And with custom removals,
you can send them any link where your
information shows up and their privacy
experts will personally handle it
themselves. So, at the end of the day,
these data thieves can't harm you if
they can't find you. So, go ahead and
use my code memecoincy.com/me
and get 60% off of an annual plan. The
link's down below in the description.
All right, now let's get back to Brian
Johnson's challenge to Jesus and where
it all starts to fall apart. Now, Brian
didn't just challenge Jesus. He gave his
entire life to this.
>> I'm a martyr for don't die.
>> But when you look at what he actually
built, it starts to look a little
familiar.
>> Since you left the Mormon church, did
you find any new sense of spirituality
or religion?
>> Really? In my body?
>> Yeah. So, I like the idea of body with
God.
>> We are going to create God in our image.
even started weekly gatherings where
members open with a ritual, recite a
mantra, and then apologize to their body
for something they've done that has
inflicted harm on it.
>> Uh first, we take a shot of olive oil.
>> Okay.
>> Uh ritualistic.
>> Yep.
>> And then we each go around and we
apologize to our body for something we
did that week.
>> Okay.
>> And so it's kind of funny.
>> Close to a religion here.
>> It's kind of funny. It's kind of fun.
>> And in March of 2025, he made it clear.
He said, "Dear humanity, I'm building a
religion."
And he's not wrong either.
>> We have like basically leaders trained
all over the world who are organizing
local groups. So don't die is a
religion. Don't die is an economic
system. Don't die is is a political
system. Don't die is an ethical, moral,
and social system. Basically trying to
build a nation state and a religion and
a social uh movement in like a 2-year
time period.
>> He's going deeper than just improving
health. He's trying to replace our
society's moral foundation. But it's not
just what he's trying to replace that
matters. It's also who
>> I get why people have said um you're
obsessed with Joseph Smith and and you
want to be your own Joseph Smith. So
that I didn't understand before. And
>> I I actually it's not Joseph Smith. My
competitor is Jesus.
>> And in another interview he said it's
more than just a joke when I say that
Jesus Christ is my main competitor.
After all, it was he who talked us into
death as our final destiny. I, on the
other hand, say that death is a
technical problem that can be solved. He
went on to tweet that he's also done
more than Jesus has in just 2 years.
Why can't someone challenge that status
and authority and say, "No, it's not the
resurrection. It's not the afterlife.
It's this life. It's don't die. You're
not a martyr for some higher objective
of some rules to be completed."
>> So Brian didn't just leave religion.
He's rebuilding it and aiming directly
at Jesus. And the reason why maybe the
one that his son gave.
>> What was the moment of leaving Mormonism
and going to live with your dad?
>> I had a void of nothing. And so maybe in
a way this was a replacement of that
void. So same approach just a different
outlet.
>> Okay. But why would someone who built a
replacement religion suddenly start
praying? Especially because Brian says
that he doesn't experience fear.
>> I don't have an emotion of feeling
scared. I don't experience that emotion.
>> Ever. Fear.
>> I know it sounds weird. I don't have a
fear response. Everything is always
okay.
Always.
>> But in his Netflix documentary, there's
a scene where he's standing in a Target
with his son before his son goes off to
college and he suddenly starts weeping.
Also, there's things like this.
>> Your father, 75 years old,
he's not going to live forever. Or is
he?
How do you contend with that? A man you
clearly love a lot, but you understand
that the there's an inevitability to
life for most people who aren't revoling
against life in the way that you are
with your longevity routines and your
anti-aging protocols.
Yeah, it's um it's impossibly hard for
me to reconcile,
you know, like
yeah, one time he um I couldn't get a
hold of him for a couple days
and
which is uncommon
And I spiraled in concluding that he had
died.
And you know, not being able to call him
and hear his voice
uh was beyond devastating. And
death is a terrible thing.
We've all experienced it. And it would
be wonderful if we could bring an end to
it.
>> And then he was asked the simple
question.
>> Are you trying to keep him alive?
>> I am.
>> And for a man who says he has no fear,
listen to how he talks about his own
death.
>> You're emotional about this.
>> I want to exist.
I really don't want to die. Like it's
like it's really fun to exist.
So, when Brian talks about death, the
moments that hit the hardest aren't
about biology. They're about his father.
The letters he wrote as a kid. The panic
of not hearing his dad's voice and
immediately wondering if he was gone.
And now we see a man who arranged a
blood transfusion with his dad and his
teenage son trying to bind three
generations through plasma in a clinic
outside Dallas. $2 million a year. Every
calorie and organ measured. And all of
it traces back to those same two words.
>> I am.
>> Ultimately, he's not trying to solve
death. He's trying to solve permanent
separation.
>> Do you believe humans have a soul? Do
you think anything happens with your
consciousness after?
>> You know, I would bet no. Uh, but I have
no knowledge of
>> That's why the new religion is don't
die.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, I I have no knowledge of an
afterlife and no one does. Okay, but if
he's wrong on this, then that changes
everything. You see, Johnson has
dedicated his entire life refusing to
accept assumptions that aren't
justified. He's gotten exceptional at
measuring what most people ignore. He
follows the evidence where it leads,
even when it cost him everything. But
there's still one data set that his
framework doesn't account for.
>> I I have no knowledge of an afterlife,
and no one does.
>> Okay. But one specific man made a
specific claim that he would defeat
death and he would prove it. 3 days
after his crucifixion, the tomb was
empty. Named witnesses, documented
accounts, people tortured and killed for
refusing to say that they hadn't seen
what they just saw. And for a man like
Brian who measures everything, this is
the one claim that deserves his full
attention the most. Because if it's
true, it doesn't just answer the death
question. It also answers the father
question. Not just living forever, but
reunion with the people that you love in
relationships that can't be broken by
addiction, distance, time, or death. And
the best part is that it's not something
you have to earn. It's offered as a free
and undeserved gift. Which means that
the thing that Brian has been spending
his entire life trying to solve, the
problem of permanent separation, may not
be a technical problem at all. And if
that's true, then maybe the reason why
he's been praying lately is because the
answer is closer than he thinks.
All right. Now, if that video raised
questions for you, then you need to see
what happened when the brilliant
millionaire Alex Hermosi spent five
years studying Christianity's strongest
arguments and still walked away. The
real reason wasn't what I expected. So,
go ahead and click on the video on the
screen and I'll see you over there. See
you next time.